Effective January 29, 2024
welcome
These Terms of Service ("Terms") apply to you and Shenzhen Aiyun Times Technology Co. Ltd ("Aiyun Times" or "we/us/our"), the Shenzhen entity designated in the "Contact Us" section below ("Aiyun Times" or "we/us/our"), regarding your use of Aiyun Times's applications, services, products, website and all content and software associated with our services (collectively, the "Services"). Use of the Services is also subject to LoveCloud Era's  Privacy Statement (the "Privacy Statement") and other related policies.
Supplemental terms, policies and guidelines, such as those relating to specific services (including, but not limited to, forums, sweepstakes, etc.) and other operating rules and policies that may be issued from time to time, may apply to the use of the Services, and your use of the Services shall be governed by such terms, policies, and guidelines in addition to these Terms.
These Terms and the Privacy Statement, together with all policies and guidelines (which are incorporated herein by reference), constitute a legally binding agreement between you and Aiyun Times regarding your use of the Services (the "Agreement"), so please read them carefully. The most current and effective version of the Agreement is available on the Love Cloud Times website.
1. Who can use the Services

 Before accessing or using our Services, you must agree to the terms of this Agreement. You may also be required to register for an account on the Services. By registering for an account or otherwise using the Services, you represent that you are of legal age in your country of residence or are authorized to enter into binding agreements, such as this Agreement, and are not subject to any applicable laws. If you are not of legal age or authorized to enter into binding agreements, you represent that your parent or legal guardian has reviewed and agreed to this Agreement on your behalf.

 If you access the Services from a social networking site such as Facebook, you are subject to its Terms of Service as well as these Terms.

 By installing, registering for, using, or otherwise accessing the Services or any of its components, you agree to the terms of this Agreement. If you do not agree to the terms of this Agreement, do not install, use or otherwise access the Services or their components. Use of the Services is void where prohibited.

 If you are a parent or guardian and consent to your child's use of the Services, you agree to be bound by these Terms of Use when your child uses the Services. You assume full responsibility for any unauthorized use of the Services by minors in connection with your account.

 2. Contact Us

 If you have any questions about Aiyun Times or this Agreement, please send an email to dev@iytime.com或邮寄至 

 Shenzhen Aiyun Times Technology Co.
 Address: 610, Building A, 1970 Cultural and Creative Park, Minzhi Community, Minzhi Street, Longhua District, Shenzhen, China.


 3.Change

 In response to changing laws, regulations, technology or business developments, Aiyun Times reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to change, modify or delete portions of this Agreement, including these Terms, the Privacy Statement, or any other related policies, by posting the modified Terms on the Aiyun Times Services at any time, or by any other means of notice (including email) that we deem appropriate.

 Your continued use of the Services constitutes your acceptance of such changes. If, as a result of a change or modification to the Terms, the Privacy Statement or any other policy or otherwise, you no longer agree with any part of the then-current version of the Agreement, you must stop using the Services.

 4. Rights to Use the Services 

 The Rights We Give You

 Our Service and its content are the property of Love Cloud Times or its licensors. Subject to certain limitations described herein, you have the right to use the Services, and to access and use applications, music, videos, images, instructional or other materials or content available through the Services (collectively, "Service Content").

 Subject to your acceptance of these Terms and your continued compliance with these Terms and the Agreement, Love Cloud Times grants you a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, and non-sub-licensable license to use the Services and related software (executable version only, excluding source code), and any Service Content solely for your personal, non-commercial use.

 The Services and Service Content are licensed, not sold or transferred to you. Any copies of the software, content or other materials of the Services, including the Service Content, even if downloaded or installed on your device, remain the property of Love Cloud Times and its licensors.

 You may not use the Services, the Service Content, or any portion thereof in any manner not expressly permitted by the Agreement. Use of the Services (including, without limitation, the Service Content) for public performance is prohibited. You further agree that you will not, and will not attempt to, copy, modify, share, or transfer the Services or any portion of the Services or their Content, except as expressly permitted by Love Cloud Times.

 The license to use the Services granted hereunder is effective until terminated by either you or us. Your license will be automatically revoked if you violate these Terms or the Agreement.

 Availability and Changes to the Services

 Love Cloud Times does not warrant that the Service, the Service Content or any part thereof will be available or will continue to be available at any time in the future. The Services may occasionally be temporarily unavailable due to technical, maintenance or other similar reasons. In some cases, the Services, Service Content or any part thereof may be available for a limited period of time. For example, we may make content related to artist or third party collaborations available for a limited time, or provide early access to beta or test versions of the Services, which may not be fully operational or may cease to be operational at the end of the test period. In addition, the content of available services may vary by geographic location and may change at any time. Developments in technology, changes in Love Cloud Era's business model, or changes in consumer preferences may also affect our services.

 Aiyumye may add, change, modify, discontinue, update, delete or suspend any of the Services, Service Content or any part thereof at any time. Such changes may be related to legitimate reasons such as

 Adding, changing or deleting service content (e.g., features or functionality) in accordance with Love Cloud Era's business development;
 Reflecting and adapting to technological changes;
 Reflecting changes in our contracts with third parties;
 preventing service activities that we determine to be misconduct and/or a breach of the Agreement; or
 Processing or complying with requests or matters relating to legal, regulatory, security or user safety.

 Changes or modifications to the Services may require you to accept, download and/or install updates in order to continue using the Services. If you do not accept, download and/or install the Updates, you may not be able to access or use the Services, the Service Content or any portion thereof.

 Compatibility

 Some Services are incompatible or have limited compatibility with different mobile devices, computers and operating systems, and it is your responsibility to purchase a compatible device if you wish to use any of the Services. Use of the Services requires access to the Internet, and you are responsible for obtaining and paying for Internet access. Please also note that the Services may include third-party software (e.g., open source software repositories), which is provided to you subject to the terms and conditions applicable to such third-party software. Such terms and conditions are posted in the settings of the mobile application.

 Ownership 

 Love Cloud Times does not grant you any ownership rights in the Services, the content of the Services, or any part thereof. All right, title and interest in and to the Services (including, without limitation, any titles, computer code, graphics, images, audio and/or video, designs, concepts and methods of operation, themes, advertising copy, logos, domain names, trade names and trademarks, service marks and trade dress, accounts, any other copyrighted material, the "look and feel" of the Services; the compilation, assembly and arrangement of the Services" materials; and all other Service" content and applications) are owned, controlled or licensed by and are protected from unauthorized use, copying and dissemination by Love Cloud Times, including, but not limited to, copyrights, trademarks, patents, trade secrets, publicity, and other laws, statutes, regulations, and international treaties. The copyrights of third party content appearing on the Services belong to their respective owners.

 All Love Cloud Era trademarks, service marks, trade names, domain names, logos and our other brand features are the exclusive property of Love Cloud Era. You may not display our Services or Content in frames or "inline links" without our express prior written permission.

 5. User Accounts

 Some elements of the Services may enable you to create an account or otherwise register ("Account"), while others do not. You may be required to choose a password for the Account or use other credentials to access the Account ("Login Information"). You further agree and authorize us to verify your Login Information, as applicable, as necessary for your use of and access to the Services. You agree that you will not share the Account or Login Information with others, nor will you allow others to access your Account or engage in any conduct that could jeopardize the security of the Account.

 You agree that you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your login information. If you suspect that your login information and/or account has been accessed or used without your authorization, you must immediately notify LoveCloud Era and modify your login information. Regardless of your authorization, you are responsible for the use of your login information and for the activities (including purchases) on your account.

 Love Cloud Times reserves the right to refuse or limit registration for any reason. Without limiting any other remedies, we have the right to delete any Login Information and suspend, terminate, modify or delete your account or access to the Services or portions thereof, with or without notice to you, if you or we reasonably suspect that you are failing to comply with this Agreement, or as a result of any actual or suspected unlawful or improper use of the Services, or for any other reason. Upon account termination or restriction, you may lose your username on the Services, as well as any earned items, privileges, and purchases associated with your use of the Services, and LoveCloud Era shall not be obligated to indemnify you for any damages or results thereof.

 6. Payment Policy 

 Some of the Services are available to you free of charge, while other services and products may be subject to subscription fees and/or other charges ("Paid Content"). Fees may be a one-time payment or automatically renewed, as detailed in the relevant Service. By choosing to access and/or purchase or subscribe to Paid Content, you authorize us to charge your credit card or other approved payment method for all costs and fees applicable to such Paid Content. You are responsible for all applicable fees and charges (including applicable taxes) and all subscriptions and purchases made by or through you or anyone using your account.

 Please note that we may use third party payment processors to facilitate payments on the Services. If you make a purchase through a third-party application store, such as the Apple App Store or Google Play Store, your purchase will be subject to that third party's applicable payment policies.

 Payment Information

 To access paid content on the Services, you must provide valid and acceptable payment information. If the payment information you provide is rejected at the time of payment for the Paid Content to which you subscribe, you must provide us with new, valid payment information or your access to the Paid Content may be suspended. Once the initial payment has been processed, you will be able to access the Paid Content.

 Trial

 When you subscribe to Paid Content, we may from time to time offer a trial period without payment or at a reduced price ("Trial Period"). This depends on the promotion, the type of subscription, and the term you select at the time of purchase. We reserve the right to determine, in our sole discretion, your eligibility for a Trial Period to the extent permitted by applicable law, and may cancel or change the Trial Period at any time without notice or liability.

 We may require you to provide valid payment information in order to begin the Trial Period. By providing this information, you agree that unless you cancel your Paid Subscription before the end of the Trial Period, we may automatically begin charging you for Paid Content subscribed to by you on a monthly basis or other regular basis with notice to you, beginning on the first day after the end of the Trial Period, until you cancel your subscription to Paid Content (e.g., from the time it is set up in your account or automatically renewed through the Apple App Store or the Google Play Store). Play Store). If you do not wish to be charged, you must cancel your subscription to the Paid Content before the end of the Trial Period. If you cancel your subscription to Paid Content, your Account will only have access to the portions of our Services that you can access for free.

 Billing, Renewal and Cancellation

 Subscription fees for our auto-renewal subscription plans can be prepaid in a single lump sum over the term of the subscription (e.g., 1, 3, 6, or 12 months) or in monthly installments over the term of the subscription. The pricing and terms applicable to your subscription may vary depending on the promotion, type of subscription, and subscription period you select at the time of purchase.

 If your subscription begins with a discounted price promotion or trial, your renewal rate may be higher than the initial rate.

 In some cases, your payment billing date or subscription billing period may change if you do not successfully pay on your original due date. We will notify you of the change in billing term by email.

 If you choose to sign up for the auto-renewal service for Paid Content, you understand and authorize that your subscription will automatically renew at the end of the subscription period, and that payments during the renewal period will be billed to you automatically using the payment information you provide, unless you cancel your subscription before the end of the then-current subscription period. You may cancel the auto-renewal of paid content purchased from our Site through your account settings or by contacting our support staff. If you purchased a paid subscription through a third party, such as the Apple App Store or Google Play Store, you may cancel the paid subscription through that third party in accordance with that third party's applicable terms and payment policies.

 Unless prohibited by applicable law and expressly provided otherwise, any payment is final and non-refundable.

 Opt-Out

 If you signed up for a Paid Subscription, you may change your mind and receive a full refund within seven (7) days of purchasing a subscription to a Paid Portion of the Services (the "Opt-Out Period"), provided that you have not accessed the Paid Portion of the Service for which you signed up at any time during the Opt-Out Period. You are not required to give a reason for exercising your right to opt out.

 You may send an email to dev@iytime.com.如果您居住在欧洲经济区 or you may use the "Model Opt-Out Form" below, but it is not required. In order to comply with the deadline, you only need to send a notice about exercising your right to opt out before the expiry of the opt out period.

 Model Withdrawal Form

 (Complete and return this form only if you wish to withdraw from the contract)

 To: Aiyun Times Room 610, Building A, 1970 Cultural Creative Park, Minzhi Community, Minzhi Street, Longhua District, Shenzhen City, dev@iytime.com.

 I/We(*) hereby give notice that I/we(*) withdraw my/our(*) contract of sale for the following goods(*)/provision of the following services(*),

 Date of order (*)/ date of receipt (*),

 Name of the consumer,

 Consumer's address,

 Consumer's signature (for paper notification form only),

 Date

 If you reside in the European Economic Area (EEA) and withdraw your paid subscription to the Services in accordance with the above, you are entitled to a refund without undue delay and in any event no later than 7 days from the date on which you notify us of your decision to withdraw your subscription. Unless you agree otherwise, refunds will be made using the payment method you used to make the original payment. You will not incur any costs.

 Price Changes

 Our prices may change at any time. If the price of your subscription changes, we will notify you in advance and provide you with an opportunity to review the changes to your subscription price. Price changes will take effect at the beginning of the next subscription period following the date of the price change.  Applying any price change to your subscription, or collecting your payment details on automatic renewals where the new price is applied, is subject to you agreeing to the changed pricing. Subject to applicable law, if you continue to use the Services after the price change becomes effective, you accept the price change. If you do not accept the price change, you have the right to reject the price change by canceling your subscription to the Paid Content before the price change becomes effective.

 Codes, Gift Cards and Other Prepaid Products

 If you have purchased or received a code, gift card, or other prepaid Love Cloud Era product ("Code") that gives you access to Paid Content on the Services, your order will automatically terminate at the end of the term specified in the Code. Supplemental terms and conditions associated with Codes may apply to the use of the Services. In the event of a conflict between this Agreement and such supplemental terms, the supplemental terms shall control.

 7. Third Party Links

 The Services may contain links or direct you to third party websites, services, content or resources ("Third Party Services"). We are not responsible for any such Third Party Services and have no control over any materials or content available on such services. Our inclusion of links to such Third Party Services does not imply that Love Cloud Times in any way endorses or promotes such Third Party Services or any features or content of any Third Party Services. Third-party services are governed by their respective third-party terms of service, and we recommend that you familiarize yourself with the terms of service applicable to any such third-party service that you may access. Please note that the applicable third parties are solely responsible for all materials, content, goods and services they provide to you and for any and all damages, claims and liabilities that they may directly or indirectly cause to you.

 8. User Content

 User Content on the Services

 Users may post or otherwise add content to the Services through the Application, the Website, e-mail or by participating in blogs, message boards, online forums and other features, which may include any communications or materials you submit to the Services or transmit to other users of the Services, in which case you may have the opportunity to create, submit, post, display, transmit, perform, publish, distribute, broadcast and comment on content , submit content and materials, including, but not limited to, data, text, writings, artwork, notes, music, sound, video, audiovisual effects, artwork, photographs, screenshots, videos, graphics, comments, suggestions or chats, or message postings, or other materials, to LoveCloud Era and/or to or through the Services (excluding the Services, collectively, "User Content"). User Content is the sole responsibility of the User.

 Except as otherwise noted in the Privacy Statement, you agree that your User Content will be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary and will not be returned. We cannot guarantee that the ideas you share will not be used by others, so if you wish to keep them confidential or do not want them to be used by others, please do not share them on the Services. Love Cloud Times has no obligation to review, monitor, display, archive, maintain, accept or utilize any User Content, nor do we have any obligation to modify or remove any inappropriate User Content to which you may be exposed while using the Services. Love Cloud Times does not pre-screen or monitor all User Content. Therefore, you use the Services at your own risk. Aiyun Era does not endorse any User Content submitted to the Services, or any opinions, suggestions or advice expressed therein, and Aiyun Era expressly disclaims any and all liability in connection with User Content. Aiyumye does not allow copyright infringing activities or other violations of intellectual property rights or any other third party rights on the Services.

 Love Cloud Times may delete, move, modify, edit, remove or disable access to User Content without liability or notice to you; however, we reserve the right to treat User Content on the Services or certain portions of the Services as if it were stored at the direction of the user, and we will not exercise editorial control over it, except to enforce third-party rights and as set forth below, in the event that a violation is brought to our attention Content Restrictions. However, such User Content is not required to be retained by us on the Services for a period of time, and once posted, you will not have the right to access or otherwise use such User Content on the Services. Love Cloud Times is under no obligation to use User Content, and you will not be compensated for any User Content you choose to submit or for any utilization of User Content.

 Representations and Warranties 

 You acknowledge, represent and warrant that: (i) your User Content does not violate any law, contractual restriction (including those in this Agreement) or any other right or intellectual property right, or the rights of any third party; and (ii) you own or have the necessary licenses, rights, consents, and permissions to submit, post, and share your User Content submissions, including the right to grant all of the rights and licenses set forth in these Terms, and that Aiyun Era will not incur any third-party obligations or liabilities as a result of exercising the rights you grant herein, and (iii) neither your User Content nor our use thereof in this Agreement will indicate that you or the User Content you post is affiliated with or endorsed by AiYunTimes or the Artist, the Band, the other rights holders, or any other party without AiYunTimes' or such party's express written consent. You are solely responsible for User Content and the consequences of submitting, posting and sharing User Content on the Services.

 Rights Granted by You  

 You retain all ownership rights to the User Content that you submit and/or share with Love Cloud Times. However, in exchange for use of the Services, by submitting and/or sharing User Content on the Services, you hereby grant to Aiyun Times an irrevocable, perpetual, sublicenseable, transferable, worldwide, royalty-free, fully paid-up, non-exclusive license to reproduce, distribute, modify, prepare derivative works of, publicly display, perform, and use, in whole or in part, the User Content in any manner whatsoever, with or without permission from Aiyun Times (and its successors and affiliates). Times (and its successors and affiliates) in connection with the Services and other services and products, including, without limitation, to promote and redistribute some or all of the Services (and derivative works thereof) in any media formats and through any media channels, and to publish your User Content in a searchable format accessible to subscribers of the Services and Internet users.

 You also grant to Aiyun Times the right to sublicense and authorize others to exercise any rights granted to Aiyun Times under these Terms; each third party will be entitled to the benefit of the rights and licenses granted to Aiyun Times under these Terms. Except where prohibited by law, you waive any right of attribution and/or any purported moral rights you may have in any User Content you submit, even if such User Content is modified or changed in a manner to which you do not agree.

 You also hereby grant each user of the Service a non-exclusive license to access your User Content through the Service and to use, reproduce, distribute, prepare derivative works of, display and perform such User Content to the extent permitted by the functionality of the Service and these Terms.

 Unsolicited Idea Submission Policy

 You agree that Love Cloud Era is free to use any ideas, suggestions, feedback, concepts, know-how or techniques contained in any User Content that you choose to submit or send to Love Cloud Era on the Services for any purpose whatsoever, including, but not limited to, developing, producing, marketing and otherwise utilizing products and/or services derived from such User Content, without further compensation of any kind.

 Reporting Infringement

 We respect the copyrights and other intellectual property rights of others. If you become aware of any content on the Services that you believe infringes your copyright ("Disputed Content"), please report it to Love Cloud Times as follows:

 A. Your notice of claimed infringement, together with the details set forth in B or C below, should be sent to Aiyun Era's Designated Copyright Agent by e-mail to dev@iytime.com or by mail to the address below:

 Love Cloud Times Oy

 Room 610, Building A, 1970 Cultural Creative Park, Minzhi Community, Minzhi Street, Longhua District, Shenzhen City

 Attn: Legal Department

 B. You may send a written notice of copyright infringement to Aiyun Times. Please be sure to include the following information in your notice:

 1. your full name and contact information (address and telephone number, a valid e-mail address, and your Aiyun Times username, if applicable)

 2. an itemized list of the Disputed Content, including the Aiyumye URL where the Disputed Content can be found;

 3. you acknowledge that you have a good faith belief that the Disputed Content that is the subject of your copyright infringement notice is unlawfully available;

 4. you have unsuccessfully requested the relevant third-party content provider to remove the Disputed Content, or have been unable to locate the relevant information about the third-party content provider;

 5. you acknowledge that you are the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed by the Disputed Content, or that you have authority to act on behalf of the relevant third-party rights holder; and

 6. your signature (physical or electronic).

 C. In addition, if you reside in the United States and you want your notice of copyright infringement to be treated as a notice under 17 U.S.C. § 512(c) of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, please make sure that you include the following information in your notice:

 1. a physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed

 2. an identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed or, if a single notification refers to multiple copyrighted works on an online site, a representative list of such works on that site

 3. identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and a description of where the material is located

 4. information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to contact the complaining party, such as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an electronic mail address at which the complaining party may be contacted; and

 5. a statement in the body of the DMCA notice as follows: 

 "I have a good faith belief that use of the material is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law. I represent that the information in this DMCA Notice is accurate and state under penalty of perjury that I am the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf."

 Please note that under 17 U.S.C. § 512(f), if you willfully misrepresent material or activities in a way that contributes to copyright infringement, you may be liable for damages, including costs and attorneys' fees incurred by us or our users. If you are unsure whether material or activity you report is causing infringement, you may wish to contact an attorney before providing notice to Love Cloud Times.

 Love Cloud Times has no obligation to monitor or enforce the intellectual property rights in your User Content, but has the right to protect and enforce its and its licensees' license rights in your User Content.

 9. Policy Regarding Repeat Infringing Users

 Aiyumye will terminate the account of any User who repeatedly uses the Services to infringe copyrights.

 10.Restrictions on Use

 You agree that under no circumstances will you

 Use the Services in violation of this Agreement or any applicable laws or regulations;

 Post any message, content or other material (or link) that contains offensive comments related to race, national origin, gender, sexual orientation or physical disability; contains profanity or contains any obscene, indecent, pornographic, sexually or otherwise objectionable content or language; or otherwise engage in persistent toxic behavior;

 Use the Services in a manner that violates copyrights, patents, trademarks or any other intellectual property rights, rights of privacy, rights of publicity or any contractual rights, or any other rights, or provide any material or information through the Services, or that advertises or constitutes unlawful activity;

 Disrupt, interfere with or otherwise adversely affect the proper functioning of the Services or otherwise adversely affect the experience of other users of the Services;

 Disclose anyone's private information on the Services, including personally identifiable, contact or financial information, or any information that could be used to track, contact or impersonate that individual;

 Use the Services for fraudulent or abusive purposes, including, but not limited to, using the Services to impersonate any person or entity or otherwise misrepresenting your affiliation with a person, entity, or the Services or its content; 

 Attempting to harass, abuse or harm others, or encouraging or inciting harassment, abuse or harm to others, groups of people, including Love Cloud Times employees, directors, officers and customer service representatives;

 Use the Services for any commercial activity, including, without limitation, attempting to raise funds or advertise or promote products, services, pyramid schemes or other multi-level marketing programs, junk mail, chain letters or similar activities for anyone;

 Attempt to gain unauthorized access to the Services, the registered credentials or accounts of others, or computers, servers or networks connected to the Services by any means other than through the user interface provided by Love Cloud Times, including, without limitation, by interfering with or circumventing, or attempting to interfer with or circumvent, any security component, security method or zone restriction used in the Services;

 Not attempt to reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble or hack any of the Services, except as specifically authorized by law;

 Use, directly or indirectly, any automated systems, cheats, spiders, hackers, scrapers, offline readers or any unauthorized third party software to modify or interfere with the Services;

 Collect, scrape or use any other automated means to view, access or collect any information about the Services or others using the Services; 

 Cover or obscure any notices, banners or advertisements on the Services; or

 Engage in any conduct that, in the opinion of Ai Yun Times, conflicts with the spirit or intent of this Agreement or the Services, or improperly use Ai Yun Times' support services.

 For the above behaviors, Ai Yun Times reserves the right to take appropriate measures, including terminating your account and prohibiting you from using all or part of the Services.

 11. Disclaimer

 the services and software are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis at your own risk and without warranties or conditions of any kind, either express or implied. We also do not make any warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement. we do not represent or warrant that any materials, content, products or services displayed on or available through the services are accurate, complete, appropriate, reliable or timely. We also do not represent or warrant that the Services will meet your requirements and/or that your access to and use of the Services will be uninterrupted or error-free, free of viruses, malicious code or other harmful components, or otherwise secure.

 some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of certain warranties or disclaimers, such as those set forth above. As a result, some of the above disclaimers may not apply to you and, accordingly, the above disclaimers apply only to the extent permitted by the laws of such jurisdictions.

 Please note that if you are located in the European Economic Area, we will provide you with certain legal warranties covering the services we provide. Pursuant to such warranties, Love Cloud Times may be liable for any non-compliance of the Services with applicable law that you discover (i) within two years of any one-time supply of the Services, or (ii) at any time during any continuous supply of the Services.

 12. Limitation of Liability

 to the maximum extent permitted by law, for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, punitive, consequential or other similar damages or injuries, including, but not limited to, property damage, personal injury, loss of goodwill, loss of profits, equipment failure or malfunction, arising out of this agreement or from the use of, or inability to use, the services, whether or not based on contract, tort, or any other legal theory, and whether or not ai cloud era Ekun Age shall not be liable for such damages, whether or not based on contract, tort or any other legal theory, and whether or not Ekun Age has been advised of the possibility of such damages. you also expressly acknowledge that ai cloud times is not responsible, and you agree not to hold ai cloud times liable, for the actions of third parties, including other users of the service and operators of external websites. to the extent not prohibited by law, in no event will your collective liability to ai cloud times exceed the amount paid by you to ai cloud times within the six (6) months prior to the date of the initial claim. You acknowledge and agree that if you fail to make any payment to Aiyun Era within this period, your sole remedy (and Aiyun Era's sole liability) in any dispute with Aiyun Era shall be to discontinue use of the Services and cancel your account.

 some jurisdictions do not allow certain limitations of liability such as those set forth above; therefore, the above terms may not apply to you. Instead, in such jurisdictions, the above limitations of liability apply only to the extent permitted by the laws of such jurisdictions.

 by accessing the service, you understand that you may be waiving your rights with respect to claims that are currently unknown or unsuspected. You acknowledge that the disclaimers, limitations of liability, and waivers contained herein will survive any termination of your account, the Agreement, or any of the Services.

 13. Indemnification

 You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless Love Cloud Times, its affiliates, and their respective officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors, representatives, and third-party providers of the Services from and against all claims and expenses, including attorneys' fees and costs, arising out of or related to (a) your breach of, or your failure to comply with, the terms and conditions of this Agreement, (b) your use of the Services, and/or (c) any other person's use of the Services using your login information. Indemnify and hold them harmless. The provisions of this paragraph shall survive the termination of your account or the Services.

 14. Force Majeure

 Aiyumye shall not be liable for any delay or failure of Aiyumye to perform its obligations due to causes beyond Aiyumye's reasonable control, including, but not limited to, unforeseen circumstances or causes beyond Aiyumye's control, such as acts of God, war, terrorism, riots, embargoes, acts of civil or military authorities, fires, floods, accidents, strikes, or shortages of transportation facilities, fuel, energy, labor, or materials. any liability whatsoever.

 15. Termination 

 You may terminate this Agreement by deleting your account and thereafter ceasing to use the Services. If you subscribe to any of the Services and terminate this Agreement before the end of the subscription period, you will not receive a refund for any unexpired subscription period, except where prohibited by applicable law.

 Without limiting our other remedies, if (i) you are deemed to be a repeat infringer as described above, Love Cloud Times may, at any time, with or without notice to you, restrict, suspend, terminate, modify or delete accounts or access to your account and/or the Services or portions thereof, and/or terminate this Agreement, and take technological and legal measures to prevent you from accessing the Services, and (ii) if we believe that you have in any way violates any provision of the Agreement, including, without limitation, these Terms or related policies or guidelines or the letter or spirit thereof; (iii) LoveCloud Era, in its sole discretion, ceases to provide access to the Services in the jurisdiction in which you reside or where you are attempting to access the Services; or (iv) under other reasonable circumstances as determined by LoveCloud Era in its sole discretion.

 Ekun Age reserves the right to terminate any account that has been deactivated for 180 days without an active paid subscription.

 Love Cloud Times reserves the right to discontinue or stop supporting the Services, Service Content or portions thereof at any time, at which time your license to use such Services, Service Content or portions thereof will automatically terminate. In such event, unless otherwise prohibited by applicable law, Aiyun Era shall not be required to provide users with refunds, benefits or other compensation in connection with such termination. If necessary, Love Cloud Times will use reasonable efforts to provide reasonable advance notice in the event that we terminate any of the Services, Service Content, or portions thereof.

 Upon termination for any reason, you must cease all use of the Services. Your termination of the Services for any reason does not relieve you of any liability or obligation set forth in the Agreement that (a) is expressly provided to survive any such termination or expiration, or (b) remains to be performed or, by its nature, will survive any such termination or expiration.

 16. Governing Law and Dispute Resolution

 In the event of a dispute between you and Love Cloud Times, we strongly recommend that you first contact us directly at dev@iytime.com寻求解决 via our e-mail address.

 If you are a resident of the United States, the laws of the State of New York will govern this Agreement without regard to or application of its conflict of laws provisions, and you agree that any claim or dispute you may have against Aiyun Times must be resolved exclusively by the courts of the State of New York. If you are a resident of a country other than the United States, without regard to or application of its conflict of laws provisions, the laws of China will govern this Agreement, and you agree that any claim or dispute you have against Aiyun Times must be resolved exclusively by the courts located in China. You agree that you may bring a claim against Aiyun Times only in your individual capacity and not as a plaintiff or class member in any purported class or representative action.

 17. ASSIGNMENT, SEVERABILITY AND INTEGRITY AGREEMENT

 ACE may assign this Agreement, in whole or in part, to any person or entity at any time with or without your consent. You may not assign or delegate any of your rights or obligations under this Agreement without the prior written consent of ACE, and any unauthorized assignment or delegation shall be null and void.

 If any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid or unenforceable by any court of competent jurisdiction, that provision will be invalid or unenforceable only in that jurisdiction, but will not affect its validity or enforceability in any other manner or jurisdiction, nor will it affect the remaining provisions of the provision, which shall continue in full force and effect.

 Failure of LoveCloud Era to enforce any right or provision of this Agreement shall not constitute or be deemed a waiver of such right or provision, or a waiver of such right or provision in the future.

 This Agreement sets forth the entire agreement between you and Love Cloud Times with respect to the Services and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings between you and Love Cloud Times.

 18. Apple-Specific Terms

 In addition to these Terms, if you access the Services through Apple's ("Apple") App Store or use the Services on an iOS device, the following terms apply.

 You hereby acknowledge and agree that these Terms are entered into solely between you and Aiyun Times, and not with Apple, and that Aiyun Times (and not Apple) is responsible for the Services and their content.

 Love Cloud Times (and not Apple) is responsible for providing you with any maintenance and support services in connection with the Services, and Apple has no obligation to provide any maintenance and support services in connection with the Services.

 If the Services do not conform to the warranties or other conditions set forth herein or under applicable law, you may notify Apple, and Apple may refund the purchase price, if any, for the related Services. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, Apple disclaims any other warranty obligations with respect to the Services.

 Love Cloud Times (and not Apple) is responsible for handling any claims that you or any third party may have in connection with the Services, including (i) product liability claims, (ii) any claims that the Services do not comply with any applicable legal or regulatory requirements, and (iii) claims under consumer protection, privacy, or similar laws.

 If any third party claims that the Services or your possession and use of the Services infringes on a third party's intellectual property rights, Apple will not be responsible for investigating, defending, settling, and discharging such intellectual property infringement claim.

 You represent and warrant that (i) you are not located in an area that is subject to a U.S. government embargo or in an area designated by the U.S. government as a "terrorist-sponsoring" area, and (ii) you are not listed on any U.S. government list of prohibited or restricted parties.

 You agree to comply with any applicable third-party terms in connection with your use of the Services.

 Apple and its subsidiaries are third-party beneficiaries of these Terms, and by your acceptance of these Terms, you agree that Apple has the right to enforce these Terms against you in its capacity as a third-party beneficiary.
