Last edited on January 29, 2024

Thank you for using the services of Shenzhen Aiyun Times Technology Co! This privacy statement explains what personal data Shenzhen Aiyun Times Technology Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries ("we" in this statement) collect from you, how we use your personal data, and the choices you make regarding your personal data.

This Privacy Statement applies to all services, websites, and related services and properties controlled by Shenzhen Aiyun Times Technology Co., Ltd, which we collectively refer to herein as the "Services". We will update this Privacy Statement from time to time by posting a new version of the Privacy Statement within the Application. If the changes we make are material, we will notify you by posting a notice in the Service or by other appropriate means. Please note that your use of the Services after the Effective Date will be governed by the new version of the Privacy Statement.

The terms and conditions applicable to our services are set out in our Terms of Service.

1. Contact Us 
If you have any questions about this privacy statement or the way we use your data, please contact us at dev@iytime.com.

For the activities described in this notice, the data controller (i.e. the entity that decides how and why personal data is processed) is iytime Ltd. Our address is Room 610, Building A, 1970 Cultural Creative Park, Minzhi Community, Minzhi Street, Longhua District, Shenzhen City, Guangdong Province, China. Our address is 

In operating our services, we may share your data with our partners. Some of these partners are data controllers independent of us and can decide how and why your data is processed.

2.What personal data we collect and where we get it from

The personal data you provide to us:

Contact information, such as your name, email address, or other contact information, if you have provided it to us (for example, if you have created an account with our service or subscribed to our newsletter)
Your username and password (if you created an account with our service)
Profile information (e.g., personal photos, if you choose to add them to your profile)
Your payment-related data for processing your billing for service subscriptions and other purchases
Messages you send to the Services (e.g., you contact us or our support agents about resolving a problem with the Services, send a message to our forums or support)
If you participate in our surveys or other research, comments, feedback or other information you provide
Other data you choose to provide to us through our services or otherwise, other information explained to you with your consent when your consent is sought.

Personal data we receive from our partners

If you choose to connect a third-party account (e.g., a Facebook account) to our Services, we receive information from the third-party account provider (e.g., if you decide to sign up for our Services using a Facebook login, we receive your name, email address, or other identifier from Facebook to enable cross-device gaming, personal photos, and friend information to connect you with friends who are already using our Services)
Data from the platform on which the application runs (e.g., for validating payments)
We also receive personal information from our analytics and advertising partners, such as information about your interactions with advertisements outside of our Services (e.g., third-party websites), including information about how you were referred to our Services
If you see advertisements on our Services, we receive personal information from our advertising partners, such as information about how you interacted with those advertisements (e.g., the number of times you clicked on, viewed, or engaged with the advertisements, as well as the platform of your device and the country in which you are located)
If you make purchases on our Services, we receive transaction-related data from third-party payment service providers involved in those transactions to validate those purchases.

The Services automatically collect certain data when you use the Services:

information about your use of the Services, such as data about your use of our Services (e.g., progress, songs played, level, session length, visits to our website) your interactions with the Services (e.g., data or purchases you make or content you choose to share), as well as crash logs and other information related to errors, bugs and other problems with our Services
Your IP address is used to deliver our products to your device, and is also used to know your approximate location via IP geolocation data (at the city, state, or country level) so that we can manage the content of our services in your area or show you prices in your currency, as well as analyze our services and their usage.
Device identifiers (e.g., your device ID, advertising ID, IMEI), identifiers we assign to your account, other technical information about the device on which you use our Services (e.g., device type, operating system, language or browser type and version)
We use cookies and other similar technologies (such as software development kits, SDKs) that collect some data automatically. You can find more detailed information about our use of cookies in the "Cookies" section at the end of this document.
We may also generate and assign a user ID when you access or use our services

Providing us with data is not mandatory, but we will not be able to provide the Services or certain parts or features of the Services without processing your data. If you use our services, we will collect data about you for some or all of the purposes described in this notice, depending on the service you decide to use and the choices you make when using the service. You have a variety of choices to control the extent to which we process your data, such as whether or not to connect your third-party account to our Services, to reset or limit the use of your advertising ID in your device settings, or to disable cookies in our cookie banners and/or your browser settings, or to opt out of the sharing of your personal data for the purposes of personalized advertisements in the privacy settings of our Services.

We do not intend to collect or process any special categories of data relating to you, such as data revealing racial or ethnic origin, religious or philosophical beliefs or trade union membership, genetic, biometric or health information, or data relating to an individual's sex life or sexual orientation. Please do not provide such information to us or to others on the Services.

3.Reasons why we process your personal data

We will use your personal data for the following purposes in accordance with these legal grounds: 

Making services work.

In order to fulfill the contract between us and you, we will process the data necessary to establish and maintain your

account on our Services (if applicable) and allow you to use our Services
Operational Services
Provide you with the services and products you require
Processing transactions and verifying and confirming payments
Send you service-related information (e.g., confirmation letters, administrative information, technical notices)

Make the service more suitable for our users.

In order to provide a quality service to our users and to provide you with the best possible user experience, we have a legitimate interest in processing the data necessary to

Analyze, develop and improve our services and user experience and customize them for you
Manage our relationship with your customers
Provide social features (e.g. leaderboards) as part of the service
Provide user support and respond to your questions and comments
analyze your use of our services, for example, to understand the types of content or types of music you are interested in, and to customize your experience with the services
to send you updates, alerts, news and other information related to our services or other operations
troubleshooting or debugging any errors or other problems with our Services, creating data that does not identify you (e.g., aggregated data)
Conduct surveys or other research to learn more about our services or users.

Make sure we reach the audience of interest.

On the basis of our legitimate interest in promoting our services, to ensure that we reach a relevant and interested audience and, where applicable, to fund our services so that we can provide them free of charge, we process the data necessary to

Provide you with our offers through the Services, other websites and services, and via email
to send you other news about our activities or in connection with our services and operations
Tracking the installation of our applications (including the source of each installation)
Serving, targeting, delivering, measuring and improving our advertising and services (including advertising outside of our services)
Require our advertising partners to display personalized advertisements outside of our Services, and to show you advertisements from our advertising partners, including contextual and personalized advertisements, within our Services
Allow our advertising partners to personalize the ads you see on our Services to make them more relevant to you.

For information on how to opt out of personalized ads, see the "Your Rights" section below.

Maintain fairness and security of services.

In order to ensure acceptable, safe and fair use of the services and to safeguard our operations, we have a legitimate interest in processing the data necessary to
Monitor acceptable use of the Services to prevent activities on the Services that we determine to be misconduct, violations of our terms and conditions, or potentially unlawful, and to take action against such use, or otherwise exercise or defend our legal rights
Audit our operations or process analysis and segmentation.

For all of the above purposes, we can analyze and categorize all of the data collected.

with your consent

If we wish to process your personal data for any other purpose for which we are unable to rely on any other legal basis under applicable law, we will ask for your consent.

We may also process your data where necessary to comply with legal obligations that we believe apply to us (including cooperating with the authorities upon proper request and accounting and tax requirements). We may also process your data for other purposes consistent with any of the above.
We will not use your personal data to make any automated decisions (meaning decisions without any human involvement) that have a significant impact on you.

a commercial

We may display advertisements on our Services to give you free access to content on our Services. In order to display advertisements to you on our Services, we may integrate SDKs provided by third-party advertising partners into our Services. These third-party advertising partners may display situational or personalized ads based on your privacy preferences and whether you have opted out of receiving personalized ads in the privacy settings of the Services.

In the event that you do not opt-out of receiving personalized ads, these third-party SDKs may collect your IP address, device ID, performance data, advertising data, non-user related crash logs, data related to how you interact with our Services, and other statistical and technical information in order to provide you with relevant advertisements.

In the event you opt out of personalized ads, these third-party SDKs may collect non-personal contextual data, including geolocation data, query terms, and service content. They may also collect your ad ID for the sole purpose of frequency capping, aggregated ad reporting, and combating fraud and abuse. Our advertising partners may use your information for a variety of purposes, including, but not limited to: to personalize the ads you see to ensure that they are relevant to your interests; to diagnose problems and improve the SDKs; to understand the effectiveness of existing product features and to plan for new ones; to measure and improve the performance of the ads and the effectiveness of the features of the Service; and for analytics purposes.

For information on how to opt out of personalized ads, see the "Your Rights" section below.

4. International data transfer 

Our services are global in nature, so your data may be transferred to and processed in countries outside the European Union ("EU") and the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For example, our subsidiaries and some of the servers used to host our services are located in the United States. We also use partners outside the European Union to provide our services. Because the data protection laws in these countries may differ from those in your country, we take steps to ensure that adequate safeguards are in place to protect your personal data. These safeguards may include standard contractual terms approved by the European Commission or other lawful safeguards.

5. Data retention

We retain your data for as long as your user account is active or is required to provide the Services. You can end this relationship by deleting your account. We will then delete all of your personal data from our own and our partners' systems (including backups) within 30 days, unless there is a legitimate business interest in retaining it, such as fulfilling our legal obligations, enforcing our agreements or resolving disputes. We will also review and delete on a regular basis.

6. Your rights

You have the right to access your personal data stored by us. Upon request, we will provide you with a copy of your personal data in electronic format. You also have the right to have your data deleted. If you choose to delete your personal data, we will delete all of your personal data collected through the application and thus anonymize all analytical data based on these personal data, unless we have a legitimate reason for being entitled to retain these personal data. You may also request the restriction of processing in accordance with legal provisions.

To access your data in our applications or to request the deletion of data, please delete all personal data by logging out of your account under the Settings menu.

You also have the right to correct or update your information. If your information has changed or is incorrect, you can do so by editing the personal information in your profile. Or you can contact us at dev@iytime.com.

You may revoke any consent at any time.

If you have any complaints about our processing of personal data or would like specific information in this regard, please send an e-mail to dev@iytime.com. We take these matters seriously and investigate all requests and complaints.

Finally, you always have the right to file a complaint with your local data protection authority.

7. How we ensure the security of your data

We employ appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect user data. The measures we employ are designed to provide a level of security that is commensurate with the risk of processing your personal data, and we continually improve these measures. Our measures vary, but typically include controls that restrict access to services or systems containing personal data, pseudonymization, firewall-protected databases, passwords and other technical measures.

8. Age

When we collect personal data, we do not know your age and we do not knowingly collect or solicit personal data from anyone under the age of 13 (or any other legal minimum age) or knowingly allow such persons to use our Services. If you are under 13 (or any other legal minimum age), please do not attempt to access our Services, put them to use or send us any information about yourself. If you believe that we might have received any information from a child under the age of 13 (or any other legal minimum age), please contact us at dev@iytime.com.

9. Cookies and similar technologies
Cookies are small files that are stored on a user's computer (or other Internet-enabled device, such as a smartphone) when using an online service. We and our partners use cookies and similar technologies to provide the Services and to personalize them for you, for analytics and for advertising. Some of the cookies used in the Services are "first-party" cookies, i.e., they come from the website itself, others are third-party (partner) cookies belonging to advertising, analytics entities or social networks.

Users can adjust their browser settings to disable cookies or delete cookies that have been saved in their browser, but this may result in some parts of the Service not functioning properly.
